without return and without parameter:
In C programming, a function that does not take any arguments and does not return a value is called a void function.
Here, the 'void' keyword is used as the return type to indicate that the function does not return any value.
A void function can be called in the same way as other functions, by simply using the function name followed by empty parentheses:
as like: function_name ( );




With return and without parameter:
In C programming, a function that does not take any parameter but returns a value is called a non-void function. The syntax for
defining a non-void function is as follows :  return_type function_name empty parentheses.
Here, the return_type specifies the data type of the value that the function will return. The function_name is the name of the function 
and the value is the value that the function returns.A non-void function can be called in the same way as other functions, by simply using 
the function name followed by 
empty parentheses:
                 result = function_name();
The value returned by the function is stored in the variable result.




without return and with parameter:
In C programming, a function that takes one or more parameter but does not return a value is called a void function. The syntax for defining 
a void function with arguments is as follows syntex:
	
			return_type function_name ( data_type argument1, data_type argument2);
Here, the 'void' keyword is used as the return type to indicate that the function does not return any value. The function_name is the name 
of the function, and the argument1, argument2, ... are the input parameters that the function takes.



with return and with parameter: 
In C programming, a function that takes one or more parameter and returns a value is called a non-void function. The syntax for defining 
a non-void function with parameter is as follows syntax:

		return_type function_name ( data_type argument1, data_type argument2);
Here, the return_type specifies the data type of the value that the function will return. The function_name is the name of the function,
and the argument1, argument2 are the input parameters that the function takes. The value is the value that the function returns.
